For preset 1, I wanted to see if I could have significant movement when each agent is laying down very low levels of chemicals. I also wanted to have groups of agents that were clumped together. To do this, I set the chemical deposit to 0.01 and the sensor distance to 50 Pixels. This combined with the sensor sweep, which is dependent on time, created a fairly dark simulation that still has significant movement, over a long period of time. I also found it interesting that some groups of agents would slowly move towards other nearby clusters, but it was slow enough that you could see the slow progression.

For preset 2 I wanted to create something with large structures of agents. I found by increasing the sensor distance to 75 pixels, I could get some fairly large structures. I also wanted something a bit more colorful after the last presset, so I bumped up the chemical deposit. I continued with just bumping everything up, and found that by increasing both agent rotation and the maximum sensor sweep, I could get rid of the hard edges that slime molds usually have. I think this also gave the preset the appearance that it is more alive than the last one. 

In preset 3, I wanted to have a lot of smaller structures, so I bumped the sensor distance down to 20 pixels. I liked the size of the structures that it was creating, but there was a bit too much chaos for the agents to create actual structors. I believe that this was due to not being able to rotate much, so I bumped up the agent rotation, so that they would rotate by 45 degrees on each cycle. This helped to stabilize the mold, but I was not quite happy with the filament sizes. I experimented with both agent size and the max sensor sweep, and found that by increasing the sensor sweep I could get much tighter filaments. I found this interesting as I would have expected the opposite. 

Preset 4 was actually one of the first ones that I made. I created it with the intention to use it to reset the simulation for development of the other presets. The goal was to force agents to disperse, so that the settings of one preset would not influence the others. I did this by increasing the amount of chemicals that each agent produces. This combined with the sweeping sensor caused this cool spiraling effect with groups of agents that were larger than the default settings for this simulation. After running this simulation for a while, I got entranced by the fact that it does not seem to reach any steady state, which departs from the classic slime mold. This caused me to leave it as a preset, just cause it was fun to watch. 


